# awesome-conferences

## Full Stack Fest 2018 (2018-08-06)
(1) Full Stack Fest 2018 teaser: Bring back the web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=1&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(2) Highlights of Full Stack Fest 2018: Bring back the web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=2&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(3) WebXR, if X = how? - Diego González and Indira Knight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=3&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(4) Killing the checkout or: How I learned to stop worrying and love Payment Request - Krystian Czesak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvgdYbYBzcs&index=4&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(5) Accessibility vs latest Web APIs. Can’t we just get along? - Mauricio Palma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=5&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(6) Dynamic CSS: Layouts & Beyond - Miriam Suzanne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=6&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(7) The Web Authentication API - Imagine a World Without Passwords - Suby Raman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=7&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(8) A Game of Theories: Why languages do what they do - Rae Krantz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=8&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(9) The Future of ChatBots in the Travel Industry - Prabh Simran Singh Baweja
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=9&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(10) Open Gateway - Decentralized IoT - Kalyan Dikshit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=10&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(11) Build and deploy a Blockchain web-app with Hyperledger Fabric & Hyperledger Composer - Horea Porutiu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=11&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(12) Reinvent the social web - André Staltz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=12&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(13) Lost in transaction? Strategies to deal with (in-)consistency in distributed systems - Bernd Rücker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=13&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(14) Cats, The Musical! Algorithmic Song Meow-ification - Beth Haubert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=14&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(15) Observability for Emerging Infra: What Got You Here Won't Get You There - Charity Majors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=15&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(16) Take a (Client) Hint! - Jeremy Wagner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=16&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(17) Lightning talks Backend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=17&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(18) Do you need a Service Mesh? - Matt Turner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=18&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(19) HTTP and JSON for your gRPC Services - Michael Hamrah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=19&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(20) Software Engineering - A philosophical activity - Tom Enden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=20&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(21) Building a Modern Memex - Andrew Louis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=21&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(22) State of the Art Web User Interfaces with State Machines - David Khourshid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=22&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(23) Unity + HTML5 = Isomorphic Game Engine? - LeRenzo Malcom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=23&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(24) To push, or not to push?! - The future of HTTP/2 server push - Patrick Hamann
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=24&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(25) Native JavaScript modules- import {Browsers, NodeJs}; export {production}; - Serg Hospodarets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=25&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(26) The Future of Front-End Performance - Sia Karamalegos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=26&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(27) A Front-end dev's hobbyist approach into Machine Learning - Susanna Wong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=27&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(28) Building peer-to-peer apps with the Beaker Browser - Tara Vancil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=28&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(29) A Real World PWA - Zack Argyle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=29&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(30) Purifying Typescript - Timothy Clifford
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=30&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(31) Avoiding Digital Bias - Adam L Smith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=31&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(32) Everything I always wanted to know about crypto, but never thought I'd understand - Sasha Romijn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=32&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(33) Onion adventures: how to use onion services & the Tor network in your web endeavors - Silvia Puglisi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=33&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2

(34) Lightning Talks Frontend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtZWRUsn3ms&index=34&list=PLe9psSNJBf75O6abYvvjxhm36_QU9H-f2
